README.md, before:

# GitFind

This is an angular project that allows users to serch for Users and their repos.

## Description

This web app allows the Users to search for profiles on GitHub by typing usernames. Also it allows the users to search for Repositories in GitHub by simply typing the repository name and hitting the search button.

## Author & Contact Information.
This web app was created by Kevin Kipyegon.
If you have any suggestions or improvements you can reach the author via mail at kevin.kipyegon@student.moringaschool.com 


## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

added installation process to readme

README.md, after:

# GitFind

This is an angular project that allows users to serch for Users and their repos.

## Description

This web app allows the Users to search for profiles on GitHub by typing usernames. Also it allows the users to search for Repositories in GitHub by simply typing the repository name and hitting the search button.

## Author & Contact Information.
This web app was created by Kevin Kipyegon.
If you have any suggestions or improvements you can reach the author via mail at kevin.kipyegon@student.moringaschool.com 


## Installation.
1. Step one <br>Install Node Js and Angular CLI
2. Step two <br> Git clone https://github.com/kevaf/My-Git-Search-.git to your local machine storage.
3.  Step three <br> On your Terminal run ng serve --open to view the site on your browser.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
